{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf100
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 scale: agree\
- \{score=1\} Disagree strongly\
- \{score=2\} Disagree moderately\
- \{score=3\} Disagree a little\
- \{score=4\} Neither agree nor disagree\
- \{score=5\} Agree a little\
- \{score=6\} Agree moderately\
- \{score=7\} Agree strongly\
\
scale: sixagree\
- \{score=1\} Strongly Disagree\
- \{score=2\} Moderately Disagree\
- \{score=3\}  Slightly Disagree\
- \{score=4\} Slightly Agree\
- \{score=5\} Moderately Agree\
- \{score=6\} Strongly Agree\
\
scale: fouragree \
- \{score=1\} Strongly disagree \
- \{score=2\} Somewhat disagree\
- \{score=3\} Somewhat agree\
- \{score=4\} Strongly agree\
\
\
scale: SRSspeed\
- \{score=1\} Trying to push very much too fast\
- \{score=2\} Moving at about the right speed\
- \{score=3\} Going too slowly\
\
scale: SRStension\
- \{score=1\} Not much at all\
- \{score=2\} Some\
- \{score=3\} Most \
- \{score=4\} All of it\
\
scale: SRSdiscrim\
- \{score=1\} A lot\
- \{score=2\} Some\
- \{score=3\} Just a little\
- \{score=4\} None at all\
\
l: sex\
t: radio\
q: What is your sex?\
- Male\
- Female\
- Prefer not to answer\
\
l: age\
t: range\
q: What is your age? Please respond only in numerical values.\
- \{min = 18, max= 100\}\
\
l: race\
t: radio\
q: What is your race/ethnicity?\
- American Indian or Alaska Native\
- Black or African American\
- White/Caucasian\
- Hispanic or Latino\
- Non Hispanic\
- Other\
\
\
scale: relig\
- \{score=1\} Not at all religious\
- \{score=2\} Slightly\
- \{score=3\} Somewhat\
- \{score=4\} Moderately\
- \{score=5\} Very\
- \{score=6\} Extremely\
\
l: relig\
t: scale relig\
q: How religious are you?\
- How religious are you?\
\
scale: libcon\
- \{score=1\} Extremely Liberal\
- \{score=2\} Liberal\
- \{score=3\} Slightly Liberal\
- \{score=4\} Middle of the Road\
- \{score=5\} Slightly Conservative\
- \{score=6\} Conservative\
- \{score=7\} Extremely Conservative\
\
l: pollibcon\
t: scale libcon\
q: How politically liberal or conservative are you?\
- How politically liberal or conservative are you?\
\
l: soc\
t: scale libcon\
q: Regarding social issues, are you more of a liberal or more of a conservative?\
-  Regarding social issues, are you more of a liberal or more of a conservative?\
\
l: econ\
t: scale libcon\
q: Regarding economic issues, are you more of a liberal or more of a conservative?\
- Regarding economic issues, are you more of a liberal or more of a conservative?\
\
l: edu\
t: radio\
q: What is your highest educational attainment?\
- Did Not Complete High School\
- High School/GED\
- Some College\
- Bachelor's Degree\
- Master's Degree\
- Professional Degree\
- Doctorate Degree\
\
l: legal\
t: radio\
q: Are you currently, or have you ever been employed in a legal field? (e.g. attorney, law enforcement, law office, worked in a courthouse, prison/jail. etc.)\
- No, I have never been employed in the legal field\
- Yes, but not presently\
- Yes, I am currently employed in the legal field\
\
l: income\
t: radio\
q: What is your annual household income?\
- Under $19,999\
- $20,000 - $39,999\
- $40,000 - $59,999\
- $60,000 - $79,999\
- $80,000-$99,999\
- $100,000-$149,999\
- $150,000-$199,999\
- Over $200,000\
- Prefer not to answer\
\
l: citizen\
t: radio\
q: Are you a US citizen?\
- Yes\
- No\
\
# Run Wason Experiment\
\
l: Wason\
t: experiment\
q:  \
- \{fullscreen\} Wason_Task\
\
l: Continue \
t: radio\
q: We have one final portion of today\'92s survey. People think reason about rules differently, so we would like to know a little more about how you think. Please read each prompt and respond accordingly.\
- Next\
\
#now that we are using the SRS we can't randomize the order because it would mess up the SRS\
#random: begin #randomize following measures\
#random: end\
\
#Need for Cognitive closure scale\
\
l: NFCC\
t: scale sixagree\
$o: random\
q: Read each of the following statements and decide how much you agree with each according to your beliefs and experiences. Please respond according to the following scale: 1= Strongly disagree, 7 = Strongly Agree. .<br>\
- I don't like situations that are uncertain. \
- I dislike questions which could be answered in many different ways. \
- I find that a well-ordered life with regular hours suits my temperament. \
- I feel uncomfortable when I don't understand the reason why an event occurred in my life. \
- I feel irritated when one person disagrees with what everyone else in a group believes. \
- I don't like to go into a situation without knowing what I can expect from it. \
- When I have made a decision, I feel relieved \
- When I am confronted with a problem, I\'92m dying to reach a solution very quickly. \
- I would quickly become impatient and irritated if I would not find a solution to a problem immediately. \
- I don't like to be with people who are capable of unexpected actions.\
- I dislike it when a person's statement could mean many different things. \
- I find that establishing a consistent routine enables me to enjoy life more.\
- I enjoy having a clear and structured mode of life.\
- I do not usually consult many different opinions before forming my own view.\
- I dislike unpredictable situations.\
\
l: scoreNFCC\
t: set\
- sum $NFCC\
\
#symbolic racism scale\
\
l: SRS1\
t: scale fouragree #note that I've reversed 1 and 4 from the original scale\
q: Read each of the following statements and decide how much you agree with each according to your beliefs and experiences. Please respond according to the following scale: 1= Strongly disagree, 4 = Strongly Agree. \
- It\'92s really a matter of some people not trying hard enough; if blacks would only try harder they could be just as well off as whites.        \
- Irish, Italian, Jewish and many other minorities overcame prejudice and worked their way up.  Blacks should do the same.\
\
l: scoreSRS1\
t: set\
- sum $SRS1\
\
l: SRS2\
t: scale SRSspeed\
q: Some say that black leaders have been trying to push too fast.  Others feel that they haven\'92t pushed fast enough. What do you think?\
- \{rev\} Some say that black leaders have been trying to push too fast.  Others feel that they haven\'92t pushed fast enough. What do you think?\
\
l: scoreSRS2\
t: set\
- sum $SRS2\
 \
l: SRS3\
t: scale SRStension \
q:   How much of the racial tension that exists in the United States today do you think blacks are responsible for creating?\
-   How much of the racial tension that exists in the United States today do you think blacks are responsible for creating?       \
\
l: scoreSRS3\
t: set\
- sum $SRS3\
 \
l: SRS4\
t: scale SRSdiscrim\
q:  How much discrimination against blacks do you feel there is in the United States today, limiting their chances to get ahead?\
- \{rev\} How much discrimination against blacks do you feel there is in the United States today, limiting their chances to get ahead?      \
\
l: scoreSRS4\
t: set\
- sum $SRS4\
 \
l: SRS5\
t: scale fouragree #note that I've reversed 1 and 4 from the original scale\
q: Read each of the following statements and decide how much you agree with each according to your beliefs and experiences. Please respond according to the following scale: 1= Strongly disagree, 4 = Strongly Agree. \
- \{rev\} Generations of slavery and discrimination have created conditions that make it difficult for blacks to work their way out of the lower class.  \
- \{rev\} Over the past few years, blacks have gotten less than they deserve.\
- Over the past few years, blacks have gotten more economically than they deserve.\
\
l: scoreSRS5\
t: set\
- sum $SRS5\
\
l: SRSK\
t: scale fouragree \
q: Read each of the following statements and decide how much you agree with each according to your beliefs and experiences. Please respond according to the following scale: 1= Strongly disagree, 4 = Strongly Agree. \
- It is true that it is more in their nature for blacks to be criminals.\
- I would not be surprised to see a black child in trouble with the law.\
- There is some truth to the belief that blacks are more violent.\
- I would feel uneasy walking alone past a group of black teenagers.\
\
l: scoreSRSK\
t: set\
- sum $SRSK\
\
l: totalSRS\
t: set\
- sum $SRS1 $SRS2 $SRS3 $SRS4 $SRS5\
\
l: totalSRSK\
t: set\
- sum  $SRS1 $SRS2 $SRS3 $SRS4 $SRS5 $SRSK\
}